Fix #1415: Improve record validation docs (#1429)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: docs/modules/schema-validation/proc-schema-validation.adoc

// file included in the following:
//
// assembly-schema-validation-filter.adoc

[id='proc-record-validation-{context}']
= (Preview) Setting up the Record Validation filter

.Prerequisites

* An instance of Kroxylicious.

> For information on deploying Kroxylicious, see the link:{github}[samples and examples^].

Reviewer: If we're reusing this procedure downstream, maybe we need a different approach to this prereq. 
It would just be an xref downstream as we have a deploying the proxy procedure. Perhaps we can add in a Deploying Kroxylicious section with the same id as downstream (proc-deploying-proxy-{context}) that links to the samples and examples?  Or we could add a conditional to keep the _For information_ line out of the downstream. I prefer to avoid conditionals.
I can look at this when we've merged this PR in, if you like.

          keyRule:
            <rule definition>                                          # <2>
          valueRule:
            <rule definition>                                          # <3>
        forwardPartialRequests: false                                  # <5>
----
<1> List of topic names to which the validation rules will be applied.
<2> Validation rules that are applied to the record's key.
<3> Validation rules that are applied to the record's value.
<4> (Optional) Default rule that is applied to any topics for which there is no explict rule defined.
<5> If `false`, any record failing validation will cause the entire produce request to be rejected.
    If `true`, only partitions within the request where all records validated successfully will be forwarded to the
    broker. The response the client will receive will be a mixed response with response returned from the broker
    for the partitions whose records passed validation and error responses for the partitions that failed validation.
    If the client is using transactions, this setting is *ignored*. Any failing record validation will
    cause the entire produce request to be rejected.

> Replace the token `<rule definition>`  with the YAML either a Schema Validation Rule or a Syntactically Correct
> JSON Validation Rule depending on your requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace the token `<rule definition>`  in the YAML configuration with either a Schema Validation rule or a Syntax Validation rule depending on your requirements.
```

Reviewer: Suggested if we change the mode names.

.Example Schema Validation Rule Definition

The Schema Validation rule validates that the key or value matches the identified schema.

[source,yaml]
----
schemaValidationConfig:
    apicurioGlobalId: 1001                                       # <1>
    apicurioRegistryUrl: http://registry.local:8080              # <2>
allowNulls: true                                                 # <3>
allowEmpty: true                                                 # <4>
----

> <1> Apicurio registry global id identifying the schema that will be enforced

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Apicurio registry global ID identifying the schema that will be enforced
```

<2> Apicurio Registry endpoint

> <3> if `true`, the validator allows null keys/values, the default is false.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<3> if `true`, the validator allows keys and or values to be `null`, the default is false.
```

> <3> if `true`, the validator allows null keys/values, the default is false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> if `true`, the validator allows null keys/values. The default is `false`.
```

> <4> if `true`, the validator allow empty keys/values, the default is false.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<4> if `true`, the validator allows keys and or values to be empty, the default is false.
```

> <4> if `true`, the validator allow empty keys/values, the default is false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<4> if `true`, the validator allow empty keys/values. The default is `false`.
```

> NOTE: Schema validation currently has the capability to enforce only JSON Schemas (https://github.com/kroxylicious/kroxylicious/issues/1431[issue])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Schema Validation mode currently has the capability to enforce only JSON schemas (https://github.com/kroxylicious/kroxylicious/issues/1431[issue])
```

Reviewer: Is this okay downstream?

.Example Syntactically Correct JSON Validation Rule Definition

[source,yaml]
----
syntacticallyCorrectJson:
    validateObjectKeysUnique: true                               # <1>
allowNulls: true                                                 # <2>
allowEmpty: true                                                 # <3>
----
<1> if `true`, the validator will enforce that objects keys are unique, the default is false.
<2> if `true`, the validator allow null keys/values, the default is false.

> <3> if `true`, the validator allow empty keys/values, the default is false.

Reviewer 2: Same changes as L67 and L68

> <1> if `true`, the validator will enforce that objects keys are unique, the default is false.
> <2> if `true`, the validator allow null keys/values, the default is false.
> <3> if `true`, the validator allow empty keys/values, the default is false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> If `true`, the validator enforces that objects keys must be unique. The default is `false`.
<2> If `true`, the validator allows null keys/values. The default is `false`.
<3> If `true`, the validator allows empty keys/values. The default is `false`.
```
